overlay cloudsigma: Set tty to RAW (#1280)
flatcar/scripts: changelog/bugfixes/2023-10-17-cloudsigma-tty-raw.md

> - TTY to fetch server_context is set to RAW mode before running cloudinit ([scripts#1280](https://github.com/flatcar/scripts/pull/1280))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set TTY used for fetching server_context to RAW mode before running cloudinit on cloudsigma ([scripts#1280](https://github.com/flatcar/scripts/pull/1280))
```
